# FMChileFutFem
Football Manager 2021 database file for Chile Women's Soccer

It is a customerized database for Football Manager 2021. It added Femenino Caja Los Andes (Primera A) of Chile women's championship.

# Teams included
Team Name | Player Data | Face Pack 
--- | --- | --- 
Universidad de Chile | Yes | Yes 
Santiago Morning | Yes | Yes 
Universidad de Concepcion | Yes | Yes 
Fernandez Vial | Yes | Yes 
La Serena | Yes | No
Audax Italiano | Yes | No
Palestino | Yes | No

# Install
1. Download the fmf file and put it in C:\Users\<your profile>\Documents\Sports Interactive\Football Manager 2021\editor data. 
2. Start Football Manager and choose start a new game. then choose "Career"
3. In the database, select the database name that you just downloaded, then choose "Advanced Setup"
4. Click Add/Remove Leagues, and choose Chile, click confirm.
5. Choose "Start Game"

# Tips
1. Make sure you check "Add players to Playable Teams" as some teams does not have enough players.
2. For testing Purpose, click "Disable Player Attribute Masking", so that you can see the attribute of the players in other teams.
3. You can click "Disable First Window Transfer Activity" to avoid the chaos in the transfer market and lose your players before you have a chance.

# Methodology 
## A player's current ability
To avoid controveries, I determine a player's ability using these factors:
1. How often they are starters in real life.
2. How is their team ranked in real life.
3. How have they performed so far in real life. 
4. Their national team selection status.
5. Their age. Players outside age 17-31 will take a penalty of their ability.

For example most players of Santiago Morning are around current ability of 100-120. La Serena players are around 70-90. 

## A player's attributes
Most of them are randomly generated by the game. If a player's certain attribute stands out in real life, I manually enter those.


## Special Topics of Women's soccer
1. Players who are pregnant or take maternity leaves are labeled as "Unavailable due to personal reasons". So far there is only one player (Nicole Cornejo of Palestino)
2. Players' romantic relationships are not implemented to protect players' privacy (even the highly publicized ones).
3. Players' market values and wages are based on men's soccer and it does not reflect the real life situations.

## Club's financial
I edit some club's financial status to reflect their investment in women's soccer. For example. Fernandez Vial and Santiago Morning are given a financial boost to reflect their huge amount of investment.



